!! Tonolith light colors Theme for Openbox by Sasha Bon - masharoom at gmail .com

!! menu title
menu.title.bg: gradient vertical flat 
menu.title.bg.color:  #111111
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #111111

menu.title.text.color:#FFFFFF
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.separator.color:#FFFFFF
menu.border.color: #454649

!! menu items
menu.items.bg: flat solid 
menu.items.bg.color: #FFFFFF

menu.items.text.color:#000000
menu.items.justify: left
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #999999 
menu.items.active.bg: gradient vertical flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: #0075C5
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #0075C5
menu.items.active.text.color: #FFFFFF


!! window title
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #111111
window.active.title.separator.color: #808080

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color:  #585858
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #808080

!! window text
window.label.text.justify: center
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.bg.color: #FFFFFF
window.active.label.text.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #EFEFEF

!! window borders etc
window.active.client.color: #111111
window.inactive.client.color: #585858

window.active.handle.bg:flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color:#111111
window.active.grip.bg: parentrelative
window.active.grip.bg.color: #E6E6E6

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.grip.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #E6E6E6

!! window buttons
!!shade
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.shade.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.shade.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.bg.color: #3D63A2
window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.shade.toggled.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #3D63A2
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.shade.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.bg.color: #353638
window.active.button.shade.image.color: #80BFFF
window.inactive.button.shade.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.bg.color: #353638
window.inactive.button.shade.image.color: #427880

!!iconify
window.active.button.iconify.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.iconify.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.iconify.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.iconify.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.iconify.bg.color: #353638
window.inactive.button.iconify.image.color: #808080

window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.bg.color:#111111
window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.iconify.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.iconify.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.bg.color:#3D63A2
window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

!!max
window.active.button.max.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.unpressed.bg.color:#111111
window.active.button.max.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.max.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.max.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.max.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.pressed.bg.color: #3D63A2
window.inactive.button.max.pressed.image.color:#EFEFEF

window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.bg.color:#585858
window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.image.color:#EFEFEF

window.active.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.max.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.max.toggled.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #3D63A2
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.max.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.bg.color: #353638
window.active.button.max.image.color: #CFFF81
window.inactive.button.max.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.bg.color: #353638
window.inactive.button.max.image.color: #688041

!!desk
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.desk.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.desk.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.bg.color: #3D63A2
window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #3D6099
window.active.button.desk.toggled.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.pressed.bg.color: #3D63A2
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.desk.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.bg.color: #353638
window.active.button.desk.image.color: #C080FF
window.inactive.button.desk.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.bg.color: #353638
window.inactive.button.desk.image.color: #808080

!!close
window.active.button.close.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.close.unpressed.bg.color:#111111
window.active.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.active.button.close.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.close.pressed.bg.color: #C75050
window.active.button.close.pressed.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.close.pressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.close.pressed.bg.color: #C64747
window.inactive.button.close.pressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #EFEFEF

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.iconify.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.iconify.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.bg:Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.iconify.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.shade.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.shade.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.shade.hover.bg:Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.shade.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.shade.toggled.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.shade.toggled.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.max.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.max.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.max.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.max.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.max.toggled.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.max.toggled.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.desk.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.desk.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.desk.hover.bg:Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.desk.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF

window.active.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg.color: #3665B3
window.active.button.desk.toggled.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.hover.bg.color: #3A64AA
window.inactive.button.desk.toggled.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
window.active.button.close.hover.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.close.hover.bg.color: #E04343
window.active.button.close.hover.image.color: #FFFFFF

window.inactive.button.close.hover.bg:Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.close.hover.bg.color: #D34545
window.inactive.button.close.hover.image.color: #EFEFEF
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Solid Flat
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #585858
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.border.color: #E6E6E6
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #585858

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Solid Flat
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #111111
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #111111


!! misc settings
border.color: #353638
border.width: 0
padding.width: 2
padding.height: 2
window.handle.width: 2
window.client.padding.width: 2
window.client.padding.height: 0
menu.overlap.x: 0
menu.overlap.y: 0
osd.hilight.bg: flat
osd.hilight.bg.color: #353638


